Dev (WIP) (#415)
mozilla/TTS: README.md

<img src="https://travis-ci.org/mozilla/TTS.svg?branch=dev"/>

> This project is a part of [Mozilla Common Voice](https://voice.mozilla.org/en). TTS aims a deep learning based Text2Speech engine, low in cost and high in quality. To begin with, you can hear a sample synthesized voice from [here](https://soundcloud.com/user-565970875/commonvoice-loc-sens-attn).

Reviewer: Maybe its time to replace this with https://github.com/mozilla/TTS/blob/0176cd6b2c673ee5a9b2d7e3226dcf1cd37a82ee/tests/data/ljspeech/wavs/LJ001-0001.wav?raw=true 
since it sound so much better.

Author: Good point. I'll update it with the new version.

## Datasets and Data-Loading

> TTS provides a generic dataloder easy to use for new datasets. You need to write an preprocessor function to integrate your own dataset.Check ```datasets/preprocess.py``` to see some examples. After the function, you need to set ```dataset``` field in ```config.json```. Do not forget other data related fields too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TTS provides a generic dataloader easy to use for new datasets. You need to write an preprocessor function to integrate your own dataset.Check ```datasets/preprocess.py``` to see some examples. After the function, you need to set ```dataset``` field in ```config.json```. Do not forget other data related fields too.
```
